Mom. Mom. Wake up.
I think I'm having a heart attack.
You're not having a heart attack.
My chest is pounding,
and I'm slick from sweat...
classic coronary event symptoms.
I made a bad trade
in my stock market club.
This is why bankers die at 40.
So you have 28 years
until your first heart attack.
Go rest up for it.
Mama.
Sweetie, what's the matter?
I had my dream again.
I was on the  Titanic,
just like in the movie,
but I was in bed with the old couple.
Oh.
Get in here.
Mom, I'm going for a run.
Taylor...
it's 5:30 in the morning!
It's 6:25.
You mixed up the big hand
and the little hand again.
'Cause it's dark in my room!
Because it's 5:30!
Just buy me a digital clock already!
How did he sleep through all this?
I'm gonna kill him!
But then I'd have to take care
of these animals by myself.
Damn it! Greg lives!
Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx
www.addic7ed.com
You don't need to Purell your belly.
Oh, my little germaphobe.
At this point,
she's more Purell than girl.
Yo, Scooby, your stock market club
is getting a little too serious.
No more waking me up
in the middle of the night
with fake symptoms
of a fake heart attack.
Can't help it, Mom.
It's this type of intensity
that's gonna make me rich...
so I can afford things
like matching plates.
First apartment. Red Lobster.
Mom, I need you to sign this
permission slip for basketball,
and here's my revised soccer schedule.
You know, if you spent
as much time on schoolwork
as you did on sports,
you'd be valedictorian.
I can guarantee you that's not true.
I feel great... a full nine hours.
Who wants Kashi?
Peter Felton sent you an e-mail?
Huh.
My old job has opened up again.
Before he hires someone else,
he wants to know if I'm interested.
Yes!
I mean, you are, aren't you? No?
Only if you want to. Do you?
Why don't you take the floor on this?
Greg, you realize if I worked,
we would have to hire someone
to clean the house and watch the kids,
so there'd only be, like,
this much extra money.
No, we wouldn't have to hire
someone to clean the house.
You could do it on Saturdays.
I retract that... obviously.
I'll think about it.
He wants to know by the end of the day.
Can you drive Taylor to soccer
this afternoon?
Oh, I'd love to, but I have to
go to campus to give a lecture.
Taylor! Oliver! In the car!
Anna-Kat?
Anna-Kat, it will sting
if you put it there.
Mama, Oliver hit me in the nuts.
Sweetie, girls don't have nuts.
I'm pretty sure they do.
I didn't hit her.
I gave her her water bottle.
Yeah, and you slammed it hard
right in my nuts.
Okay, I'm too tired for this.
Everybody out.
Mom, you're supposed to wait until
we're at the front of the line.
Not today. Out!
You can't let them out here!
They're on the sidewalk!
I bet running over Crossing Guard Sandy
would make a real satisfying
"Tha-thunk!" sound.
Guys, I'm not even here.
I got to get groceries,
buy Taylor a digital clock,
track down a thousand brown sugar cubes
for Anna-Kat's Great Wall of China.
Honestly, what is she going to learn
by watching me build that thing?
Okay, sit down a second.
What is going on?
Staying at home with the kids...
is exhausting.
I know!
Shut up.
You're a mother, and you stay at home,
but you have a housekeeper, a nanny...
A house manager... whatever that is.
She manages my house.
I never run out of anything.
I don't even know what running
out of toilet paper feels like.
It feels like a coffee filter.
Katie, look, you are
a real stay-at-home mom,
not like some of these
other women in Westport...
like her.
I am not like them, okay?
I'm way richer.
And Celeste and I share custody...
three days on, four days off.
- Dirty little secret about divorce?
- Mm-hmm.
Just when you want
to slip your kids a Benadryl
and leave them at the animal shelter,
you get to give them back to your ex.
Ohh, I can't leave Greg.
Can I? Nah.
Nah.
No.
I just went over the school calendar.
My kids have 11 days of school
in the entire month of November.
That's a straight-up war on women.
You know what else
is a straight-up war on women?
- That whole half-day thing.
- Mm.
Can Mama stay at home
and watch "Unreal" on Lifetime
- or not?!
- Mm-hmm.
You know what you need, Katie?
You need a break from being a mom.
- A break?
- Yes!
Do all that stuff tomorrow
and do something for yourself today.
- You're right.
- I know.
I do need a break.
I'm gonna take a nap.
Oh! You never take naps.
I know! That's what's going to
make this one so delicious.
Ooh!
Oh! Call your housekeeper now
so she puts lavender
underneath your pillow.
I'm sensing you guys
are reaching maximum Doris.
Yeah.
But it's okay, because I'm taking a nap.
Ugh! That's Oliver's lunch!
The curse of a stay-at-home mom.
You know, if I had a job,
I'd be at work,
and everyone would be like,
"Eh, she's at work."
Man, I'd blame everything on work.
All right.
I'm in and out.
Mrs. Otto!
- You can't park there!
- You don't need to acknowledge her.
- Just smile and keep going.
- Mrs. Otto!
Like when you're watching
a movie with your parents
- and people start doing it.
- Mrs. Otto, I know you can hear me!
I bet Sandy's never done it.
Can you please make sure
this gets to Oliver Otto?
Mrs. Otto!
Nurse Chapel.
I really need
the kids' vaccination dates.
- I've e-mailed you three times!
- Mm-hmm. Right.
The dates are right in my phone,
right here.
This really should've been
taken care of weeks ago.
I know,
I've been ignoring many, many reminders.
If I had a job,
I'd have my assistant do this.
I'd have my assistant do everything.
And he'd be cute.
- Thank you.
- No, thank you.
Katie!
Ugh! Skinny mommies
in tight, white jeans.
Good for you.
We need to get your picture
for the school newsletter.
Not now, Suzanne.
This is not what I look like.
It pretty much is.
Chin up, Katie.
I have a double chin, so...
Try the other side.
Okay, well, it's on that side, too.
Mrs. Otto!
You are not supposed to park
in the yellow!
Do not make me write you up.
Write me up?
Is it possible this woman is insane?
How are you supposed to talk
to an insane person?
Okay, Sandy. You're the boss.
My nap is 5 feet away.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
I thought you were at work.
I think I'm getting sick.
What are you talking about?
You were perfectly fine two hours ago.
Yeah, but when I got in the car,
I started feeling clammy.
My throat is scratchy,
and my tongue is big.
I'm, like, very aware of my tongue.
I need sleep and my neti pot.
He's not even sick! He's man-sick.
You know what I call
having a little cough
and wanting to go back to bed?
Every day of my life!
Move over.
I'm taking a nap.
Oh, no, I totally forgot...
I'm supposed to be
the Reading Rascal today
in Anna-Kat's class!
You signed up for that on purpose?
What are you, an idiot?
I can't go. I might get her class sick.
You have to cover for me.
No.
No, Greg. Mnh-mnh.
But Anna-Kat picked the book.
She's so excited.
It's about a cat.
I think you'll find it's got
some really surprising turns.
Fine!
But you should not be allowed
to wear that T-shirt!
If you were a real feminist,
you would down some DayQuil
and rally like a mommy would.
You know what?
You're right.
I'm gonna take off this shirt.
"Hunky Mama Cat and her kittens
were on their way.
Hunky Mama Cat said, 'Where's Patches?'"
Daddy does voices.
Daddy also gets
nine hours of sleep a night.
"Hunky Mama Cat does every
last thing for her kittens.
She feeds them, she plays with them,
she licks them clean."
Does she complain?
No.
Mnh-mnh.
But she has every right to complain.
Yeah, I know it was her choice,
but Hunky Mama Cat...
still wonders...
what the hell happened to her life.
You know, before she decided
to spew kittens onto the planet,
she had a great job.
She was North American sales director
of Rollaboo Stroller Company.
Hunky Mama Cat?
Mm-hmm. Yes. She was.
She got to wear high heels.
She got to fly in airplanes.
She even had the special
golden corporate credit card.
And Peter, the president
of the entire corporation,
e-mailed Hunky Mama Cat
and offered her her old job back!
It was the best moment.
I mean, they want her so much
that after 12 years,
they're still coming after her.
And every morning,
there's a box of pastries,
and I don't know who brings them,
and I don't care!
It's okay. My mom had a breakdown, too.
Screw it. I'm napping here.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I patrol vehicles
for forgotten car-seat kids.
It's rare to find a drugged-out mommy.
I'm not drugged-out.
I deserve to be, but I'm not.
And button up down there!
There are children within 100 yards.
Oh, how'd it go?
I hate that evil witch, Sandy.
You mean beloved Crossing Guard Sandy?
She carries stunned birds
to the animal shelter.
She caught me with my pants unbuttoned,
and now she thinks
I'm a molester or something.
Why were your pants unbuttoned?
Because I'm fat, Greg!
I was sleeping in the car,
and I unbuttoned myself,
like a normal fat person.
Not like a pervert.
Scoot over. I need to rest my eyes.
You were sleeping in the car?
You know what...
you don't understand my life.
All I do all the time
is think about other people...
you, the kids, especially Anna-Kat.
At least you get a break.
- A break?
- Mm-hmm.
I go to work. You seem to forget that.
I work all day, and then I come home
and continue to work
by helping you with the kids.
- I don't get a break.
- Oh, please.
Work is a break.
You go to work, you have a lunch break,
an afternoon break, a break room.
You have a whole room
dedicated to breaks.
If work is a break,
why don't you go back to work?
- Maybe I will.
- Good.
- Don't think I won't.
- Fine. I just want you to be happy.
Well, maybe I'll just
go back to work and be happy!
You realize I'm agreeing with you and
your voice just keeps getting louder?
It's 'cause I'm tired. And I need a nap.
That's the landline.
If someone is trying
to sell me solar power again,
I'm gonna go ape turd on them!
Take me off your list!
Oh.
Really?
Okay. Somebody will be there.
No, thank you.
What is it?
Oliver got caught insider-trading
in his stock-market club.
Is that even possible
in a made-up club using pretend money?
It's idiotic, but it's cheating.
He's suspended for the rest of the day.
You have to go pick him up.
I took a double dose of DayQuil.
So?!
Well, I'm not good on uppers.
It has the opposite effect on me.
Up is down, down is up.
I keep thinking I'm smelling mangos.
Oh, Greg!
Is there anything normal about you?
I'm all jacked up, honey!
It's not safe for anybody!
Insider trading, Oliver?
I used to have one goal in life...
to have a man-made stream in my yard.
Now I have a new one...
keep my only son
out of white-collar prison.
White-collar prison isn't that bad.
Grant Windsor's dad was in
for 16 months.
All he did was play squash
and get super-ripped.
Which is why I'm going to make sure
they put you in regular prison.
That is now my new goal
in life, young man!
Mrs. Otto.
Nurse Chapel.
I thought it was strange
that all of your children
got their shots on their birthdays,
so I troubled myself to put in a call
to your pediatrician.
I think you know where this is headed.
I do. Can we just get to it?
You just can't make up vaccination dates
and put them
on official school documents.
I don't know, Mom. I think
that falls under mail fraud.
Good instincts, Oliver. Aggravate me.
Anna-Kat needs a booster today.
You have to pull her out of class.
Now?!
She could be teeming with disease.
Teeming with it!
Okay. Nurse Chapel, you are here.
I'm gonna need you here.
You let me walk around
completely unprotected?!
It's not a big deal.
It's an MMR booster.
That's measles, mumps, and rubella.
That's what I have. I have all of that!
You don't have any of that.
Hang on.
I forgot something.
There's no way I'm coming back
here for just one kid.
I was right in the middle of practice.
You were supposed to be
in the middle of math class.
You said I could miss math today
to practice basketball
because now I have soccer after school.
When did I say that?!
When you signed
the permission slip this morning.
Ohh! I thought
it was for something else.
I can't control what you think.
Ugh!
What?!
Sandy!!
I can't.
I can't do it anymore. I just can't.
I have a marketing degree from Duke!
The school gave you a boot?
No, I bought it on eBay
with some of my Christmas tips.
Thanks for the empty card, by the way.
Just let me go.
I don't know who you think you are.
I don't know who I am, either.
What happened to me, Sandy?
Look at you. You've got a job.
You're in a position of authority.
You have a purpose.
Kind of.
And I have seen you
sitting on your folding chair
under the shade umbrella
taking a nap.
You got it all.
A job, naps...
everything.
And I admire you.
How sad is that?
And all I have is a car
with three kids in it
and a really bad smell
that I cannot seems to locate.
I don't think it's me.
It might be me.
When did this become my life?
You're right, Crossing Guard Sandy.
I need to go back to work.
Next time I'll have you towed.
I open up to her,
and this is what I get!
You know what? I'm taking these cones.
Here.
Why did you only take four?
Because the last thing that I need
is 12 traffic cones
garbaging up our garage
for the rest of forever.
Seriously, Mom, this is ridiculous.
I'm missing basketball
and soccer practice.
Stop breathing your germs!
I'm completely defenseless!
Mom, regarding these allegations,
I just overheard a conversation
at Grant Windsor's,
and I made a few smart trades.
I don't want to hear it, Oliver!
You don't know what happens in business.
You don't even have a job!
Wh... Wh... Why did we pull over?
What did you just say?
I love you?
Did you just say
that I don't have a job?
For your information,
being a stay-at-home mom is my job!
But apparently, today,
I'm pretty crappy at it!
But not anymore!
Get out of the car!
This is humiliating.
Good.
If you keep doing
whatever it takes to get rich
by cutting corners and breaking laws,
this is where you're going to wind up...
cleaning up trash
by the side of the road,
like a common criminal.
Why do I have to do this?
Because you're missing one booster shot.
You're not gonna die,
and a little dirt never killed anybody.
Mama would never let that happen to you.
Don't touch that needle!
This isn't fair!
Come on. I want to pick up trash, too.
No! You stay in there and keep studying.
And you're only playing one sport,
so you can concentrate
on your schoolwork.
That stinks!
Well, it's what I think,
and you can't control it.
No after-school babysitter
could parent my kids the way I do.
I'm not just looking after them.
I am trying to shape them
into halfway-decent people.
There's an old sock next to the shrub.
I'm not touching that.
In prison, you'd be touching worse.
Besides, if some babysitter
made my kids do this,
I'd probably have them arrested.
John Adams and Thomas Jefferson
both died on July 4, 1826...
the 50th anniversary
of American independence.
They wrote...
How could you support me taking a job
when raising our kids is so important?
Katie, I'm Skyping with my students.
Can this wait?
Oh, they're five grad students,
and four of them are ladies.
- They need to hear this.
- Can you hold that thought...
Ladies, being a stay-at-home mom
suuucks.
It does.
But I'm like one of those Navy SEALs
they sent to kill Osama bin Laden.
They dodged the bullets
and didn't get a lot of sleep,
but they were convinced
that they were doing
the most important job in the world.
And being at home with my kids
is the most important thing
I could be doing right now.
But don't fool yourselves.
Being a working mom sucks, too...
just in a different way.
Guys, you've got it made.
My husband is working in bed right now,
and he's not wearing any pants.
- Class dismissed.
- Oh, come on! They've met me!
They know what you're dealing with.
These aren't my grad students.
This is History 101.
300 freshmen.
Go, Cardinals.
Why didn't you shut me up?
You compared yourself with SEAL Team 6.
I was curious to see where it was going.
Besides, I didn't think you were gonna
bring up I'm not wearing pants.
So, you're turning down the job?
I'm turning down the job.
Mama! You were right!
It stings bad!
No, no, no, no, no.
You take your nap.
I'll take care of this.
Thank you.
No.
Would you rather have hair
for teeth or teeth for hair?
Hair for teeth. No-brainer.
Smoothies for every meal.
Hey, what are you doing down here?
I thought you needed a nap.
I do.
But I don't want to miss the fun parts.
And, Oliver, I don't want you
to miss the fun parts, either.
I think it's time
we let the stock market club go.
You need to be a kid.
I promise you can be a capitalist pig
when you grow up.
Thanks, Mom.
Can we eat?
Yeah.
Whoo!
Okay, let's review.
Being a stay-at-home mom does suck.
And it's really important.
But also, it can be
the best thing in the world.
So yeah.
This is what I would rather.
Whoever it is, leave now.
I just need to brush my teeth.
Anna-Kat!
Mom, Crossing Guard Sandy
just dropped off
a written warning for you.
Let me file that right here.
Not looking. Not looking.
Guys! We are not a naked family!
Nice picture of you
in the school newsletter.
Ugh. Another one for the tub.
Now, everybody, get...
- Sorry.
- Greg?!
I'm trying to balance out four DayQuil,
two NyQuil, and a Pepto-Bismol.
I'm really chasing the dragon here.
Get out!
Get out! Get out! Get out!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org